Add instructions to link to local `pybind11` recipe. (#150)
CQCL/tket: README.md

pip install -r pytket/tests/requirements.txt
```

### Adding local `pybind11`

> There is a known [issue](https://github.com/pybind/pybind11/issues/3081) with using `pybind11`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a known [issue](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/issues/6605) with using `pybind11`
```

I think this is the underlying issue.

> from the `conan-center` that leads to a Python error when importing `pytket`. To remedy this, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the `conan-center` that can lead to a Python crash when importing `pytket`. To remedy this, 
```
